# COM2020 – Weekly Scrum Meeting 8

**Date:** 18/02/2026  

**Duration:** 30 minutes

---

## Attendance

| Name                 | Present? |
|----------------------|----------|
| Luca Pacitti         | Yes      |
| Luca Croci           | No       |
| Emre Acarsoy         | Yes      |
| Harry Taylor         | Yes      |
| Tom Croft            | Yes      |
| Kazybek Khairulla    | Yes      |
| Will Finney          | Yes      |

---

## Topics Discussed
- Finalising report for submission.

### Tasks accomplished since last meeting
- **TC**: Completed various sections of the report, as well as PR reviews for other sections. Redrafted project backlog to migrate horizontal splitting and vertical and sprint plans. Updated architecture and dataflow schema.
- **LC**: Almost completed own section of report. Worked on janitorial work Python side (documentation, code style)
- **EA**: Worked on Python architecture schema in report. Completed Software Bill of Materials, with cost models and licensing. Reviewed various PRs and helped with LaTeX formatting. Worked on janitorial work Python side (documentation, code style)
- **LP**: Refactored Java unit and integration tests to comply with latest changes. Executed manual E2E test with screenshots and video evidence. Fixed bugs. Completed testing architecture, problem framing, and meeting minutes sections of the report, as well as the deployment guide.
- **HT**: Wrote major portions of architecture schema report. Completed risk register section of report. Helped review PRs. Worked on janitorial work Python side (documentation, code style). Updated python schema to correspond to latest changes.
- **KK**: Completed management section of report, and Jira pdf.
- **WF**: Completed the evaluation section, and refactored game design and ethics & legal and licence sections. Designed evaluation tests.  

### TODO
- **TC**:
  - Finish Sprint plans and submit PR.
  - Review PRs.
- **WF**: [DONE]
- **EA**:
  - Preparing the zip file for submission.
- **HF**: 
  - Minor changes based on TC's PR review.
  - Minor schema changes
- **LC**:
  - Changes based on TC's PR.
- **LP**: [DONE]
- **KK**: 
  - Minor changes based on TC's PR review.
