# COM2020 – Weekly Scrum Meeting 6

**Date:** 11/02/2026  

**Duration:** 60 minutes

---

## Attendance

| Name                 | Present? |
|----------------------|----------|
| Luca Pacitti         | Yes      |
| Luca Croci           | Yes      |
| Emre Acarsoy         | Yes      |
| Harry Taylor         | Yes      |
| Tom Croft            | Yes      |
| Kazybek Khairulla    | Yes      |
| Will Finney          | Yes      |

---

## Topics Discussed

### Tasks accomplished this week
- **Tom:** Reviewing PRs, cleaned up project (e.g. improving naming conventions), reviewing requirements as project progresses.
- **Luca P:** Finished unit and integration tests required for Sprint 1.
- **Luca C:** Implemented CLI, primarily menu, encounters and shop screen.
- **Emre:** Finished saving and loading of Settings to/from JSON for global design parameters, including validation of permissions (roles). Implemented user-based read/write of data. Implemented framework for authentication.
- **Harry:** Finished TelemetryListener and its interfacing with JSON. Implemented validation and defined exceptions for userID, sessionID and timestamp event fields.
- **Kazy:** Finished Encounters and Enemies implementation.
- **Will:** Legal and ethical analysis section of report complete.

### To do
- Emre to do Google SSO for Java application
- Luca C and Emre to work on integration of settings and authentication into CLI.
- Luca P to do test section of report.
- Emre, Harry and Kazy to do PowerPoint.
- Emre and Luca P to do deployment guide.
- Tom to do project backlog section of report.
- Luca P to do problem framing section of report.
- Someone to do management section of report.
- Will to do risk register section of report.
- Emre to determine project license.
- Kazybek to do user stories.
- Emre to do SBOM section of report.

### Documentation
- Whole team to work on report, PowerPoint presentation and deployment guide **BEFORE NEXT WEEK'S MEETING**.
#### Report
- **ETHICS:** Will
- **TESTS:** Luca P
- **SUMMARY:** Luca C
- **PRIORITISED REQUIREMENTS:** Tom
- **ARCHITECTURE:** Tom
- **TELEMETRY SCHEMA:** Tom
- **INITIAL EVIDENCE:** Will
- **SPRINT PLAN:** Tom
- **SBOM:** Emre
#### PowerPoint Presentation
- Emre, Harry and Kazybek to complete.
#### Deployment Guide
- Luca P and Emre to complete.

### Individual Tasks
**TO BE COMPLETED BEFORE FRIDAY**
- **Luca P:** Implement Java tests required for Sprint 1
- **Luca C:** Implement command line interface for Java game
- **Emre:** Implement Settings classes
- **Harry:** Reviewing Telemetry singleton class
